Overall review of Core docs 3.0.0 - Closes #677 (#680)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/setup/application.adoc

=== Verify successful installation

When the installation script has finished, navigate inside of the newly created folder `lisk-beta`(for Betanet).
It is possible to verify that your Lisk node is up and running, by executing the following command:

[source,bash]
----
cd lisk-beta
bash lisk.sh status
----

> For further information and how to administer your Lisk node, please see the xref:{url_admin_binary}[Management section].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information and how to administer your Lisk node, please see the xref:{url_admin_binary}[Application commands] page.
```

> If you are not running Lisk locally, you will need to follow the xref:{url_config_api_access}[API - Configuration] document to enable access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not running Lisk locally, you will need to follow the xref:{url_config_api_access}[Control API access] guide to enable access.
```
